added a new FAQ (#501)
openebs/website: docs/main/faqs/faqs.md

[Go to top](#top)

> ### Should I install the Replicated PV Mayastor/Mayastor Helm chart alongside the OpenEBS/OpenEBS Helm release?

Reviewer: This is not the title name of the storage engines as we see in most places, the helm chart names are `mayastor/mayastor` and `openebs/openebs`.
```suggestion
### Should I install the mayastor/mayastor Helm chart alongside an openebs/openebs Helm release?
```

> The Replicated PV Mayastor/Mayastor Helm chart, along with other stable OpenEBS storage plugins, is included as a dependency within the OpenEBS/OpenEBS Helm chart. The OpenEBS/OpenEBS chart can be configured to deploy the Replicated PV Mayastor storage engine. It is not recommended to deploy the Helm chart dependencies independently alongside the umbrella chart (OpenEBS/OpenEBS). This may lead to configuration conflicts and operational issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The mayastor/mayastor Helm chart, along with other stable OpenEBS storage plugins, is included as a dependency within the openebs/openebs Helm chart. The openebs/openebs chart can be configured to deploy the Replicated PV Mayastor storage engine. It is not recommended that you deploy the Helm chart dependencies independently alongside the umbrella chart (openebs/openebs). This may lead to configuration conflicts and operational issues.
```
